hi guys in this video I'm going to show
you how to unlock the HTC area to work
with any GSM SIM card so what you guys
have to do you have to scroll this
slider to the bottom you have to press
on the phone and you have to dial star
pound zero six pound a unique IMEI
number for the phone will appear on the
screen save these numbers you will be
able to purchase the unlock code from
our website now turn off the phone by
pressing on the top take out the cover
by pushing here take out the battery and
let's put an unaccepted sync on the
phone is AT&T so we're gonna put right
now a t-mobile SIM card so let's just
put a simple
let's put back the body and let's put
the cover now press again on the top and
let's turn on the phone
okay the phone is turned on now move
down the slider and now is showing you
sim network unlock pin this is now
required unlock code for unlock the
phone so I'm gonna put down local data
already purchased from our website
when I type the code I just have to
press ok and right now is searching for
the network
okay right now we see the signal is full
and right now is connected to t-mobile
let's just try to dial 6 1 1
that's you guys that only to be done to
unlock the HTC area